Come on, hit me
Hit me if you have the ability
I'll shout together later
Come and hit me!
Come on.
You have to fight
Hit hard
What's going on?
I took all their cases today
Why is there still? Captain, please calm down.
If we don't withdraw, we will be killed. I will not leave
What's the situation, Zhao Xin?
Get out, get out, get out, get out.
How is that Wu Tian still alive? It's only been a day
What are you in a hurry? You can't handle this little thing.
Hey, forget it, think of a way to lure him out
You can only sit outside
Young lady, where are you going?
I heard Xiaoping say there's a war outside
I just want to go back to my hometown to see my parents
It's not peaceful outside now
I arranged for two people to protect you
No, let's go.
Frigid cold, these two little beauties
Play with uncle
Come come
What should I do with Sister Xiaobing?
Presumptuous, you two get out of the way
Who the hell are you?
If we hadn't fought, we would have been killed by the battle
Get out of here, you're blind.
If you dare to touch our young grandma, I will
Xiao He, are you alright?
I'm fine.
How can you hit people?
Just too rude
Brother doesn't hit people
Brother will only hurt people and rotten teeth, stop it
Pretty lucky
Then I like it even more, hahaha.
Get out of here